Describe Keda Module installation on k3d (#31)
kyma-project/keda-manager: README.md

```
2. Add `etc/hosts` entry to register the local docker registry under a `registry.localhost` name

```
127.0.0.1 registry.localhost
```

3. Export ENVs pointing to module and module image registries

```bash
export IMG_REGISTRY=registry.localhost:5001/unsigned/operator-images
export MODULE_REGISTRY=registry.localhost:5001/unsigned
```

4. Build Keda module
```bash
make module-build
```

This will build oci image for keda module and push it to the registry and path as defined in `MODULE_REGISTRY`.

5. Build Keda manager image
```bash
make module-image
```

This will build docker image for keda manager and push it to the registry and path as defined in `IMG_REGISTRY`.

6. Verify if the module and the manager's image are pushed to the local registry

```bash
curl registry.localhost:5001/v2/_catalog
{"repositories":["unsigned/component-descriptors/kyma.project.io/module/keda","unsigned/operator-images/keda-operator"]}
```

7. Inpect the generated module template

The following are temporary workarounds. Probabaly will be mitigated in the future.

Edit the `template.yaml` file and:

 - change the `target` to `control-plane`

> This is only required in the single cluster mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** This is only required in the single cluster mode
```

```yaml
spec:
  target: control-plane
```

> - change the existing repository context in spec.descriptor.component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- change the existing repository context in `spec.descriptor.component`:
```

> (Because pods inside the k3d cluster use the docker-internal port of the registry, it will try to resolve the registry against port 5000 instead of 5001. K3d has registry aliases but module-manager is not part of k3s and thus does not know how to properly alias `registry.localhost:5001`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Because Pods inside the k3d cluster use the docker-internal port of the registry, it tries to resolve the registry against port 5000 instead of 5001. K3d has registry aliases but module-manager is not part of k3d and thus does not know how to properly alias `registry.localhost:5001`
```

```yaml
repositoryContexts:                                                                           
- baseUrl: registry.localhost:5000/unsigned                                                   
  componentNameMapping: urlPath                                                               
  type: ociRegistry
```

> 8. Install modular kyma on the k3d cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Install modular Kyma on the k3d cluster
```

> This will install the latest versions of `module-manager` and `lifecycle-manager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs the latest versions of `module-manager` and `lifecycle-manager`
```

> You can  use --template option to deploy the keda module manifest from the beginning or apply it via kubectl later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--template` flag to deploy the Keda module manifest from the beginning or apply it using kubectl later.
```

```bash
kyma alpha deploy  --template=./template.yaml

- Kustomize ready
- Lifecycle Manager deployed
- Module Manager deployed
- Modules deployed
- Kyma CR deployed
- Kyma deployed successfully!

Kyma is installed in version:
Kyma installation took:		18 seconds

Happy Kyma-ing! :)
```

Kyma installation is ready, but no module is activated yet
```bash
kubectl get kymas.operator.kyma-project.io -A
NAMESPACE    NAME           STATE   AGE
kcp-system   default-kyma   Ready   71s
```

Keda Module is a known module, but not activated
```bash
kubectl get moduletemplates.operator.kyma-project.io -A 
NAMESPACE    NAME                  AGE
kcp-system   moduletemplate-keda   2m24s
```

> 9. Give module manager permission to install CRD cluster wide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Give Module Manager permission to install CRD cluster-wide
```

This is temporary workaround for the local mode only:

> (As module-manager  does not have the permissions in local mode for creating CRDs; since in local-mode it uses service account, while in remote mode, an administrative kubeconfig is expected)

Reviewer: Can you rework this sentence a little bit? I'm not sure if I understand it correctly.

- baseUrl: registry.localhost:5000/unsigned                                                   
  componentNameMapping: urlPath                                                               
  type: ociRegistry
```

8. Install modular Kyma on the k3d cluster

This installs the latest versions of `module-manager` and `lifecycle-manager`

You can use the `--template` flag to deploy the Keda module manifest from the beginning or apply it using kubectl later.

```bash
kyma alpha deploy  --template=./template.yaml

- Kustomize ready
- Lifecycle Manager deployed
- Module Manager deployed
- Modules deployed
- Kyma CR deployed
- Kyma deployed successfully!

Kyma is installed in version:
Kyma installation took:		18 seconds

Happy Kyma-ing! :)
```

Kyma installation is ready, but no module is activated yet
```bash
kubectl get kymas.operator.kyma-project.io -A
NAMESPACE    NAME           STATE   AGE
kcp-system   default-kyma   Ready   71s
```

Keda Module is a known module, but not activated
```bash
kubectl get moduletemplates.operator.kyma-project.io -A 
NAMESPACE    NAME                  AGE
kcp-system   moduletemplate-keda   2m24s
```

> 9. Give Module Manager permission to install CRD cluster-wide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Give Module Manager permission to install CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) cluster-wide
```

> >**NOTE:** This is a temporary workaround and is only required in the single cluster mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** This is a temporary workaround and is only required in the single-cluster mode
```

> Module-manager should be able to apply Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) to install modules. In the remote mode (with control-plane managing remote clusters) it will be given an administrative kubeconfig targeting the remote cluster to do so. But in local-mode (single cluster mode) it uses service account and does not have the permissions to create CRDs by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module-manager must be able to apply CRDs to install modules. In the remote mode (with control-plane managing remote clusters) it gets an administrative kubeconfig, targeting the remote cluster to do so. But in local mode (single-cluster mode), it uses Service Account and does not have permission to create CRDs by default.
```

> Run the following to make sure module manager's service account becomes an administrative role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following to make sure the module manager's Service Account becomes an administrative role:
```
